Po 1889 (#142)
hmcts/opal-frontend-common-ui-lib: projects/opal-frontend-common/components/govuk/govuk-list/govuk-list-link/readme.md

# GOV.UK List Link Component

> This Angular component displays a GOV.UK-styled List Link, which will be content projected into govuk-list to form the entire govuk style list link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Angular component renders a single GOV.UK-styled list link, intended to be content projected into the parent `govuk-list` component to build a complete styled list.
```
